Better document the username and groups config items (#674)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/authentication-authorization/sso-integration.adoc

| xref:reference/configuration-settings.adoc#config_dbms.security.oidc.-provider-.claims.username[dbms.security.oidc.<provider>.claims.username]
| sub
| true

> | The claim to use for the database username. Neo4j will expect to find a string claim in the JWT or user_info response with this name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The claim to use for the database username. Neo4j expects to find a string claim in the JWT or user_info response with this name.
```

| xref:reference/configuration-settings.adoc#config_dbms.security.oidc.-provider-.claims.groups[dbms.security.oidc.<provider>.claims.groups]
|
| true

> | The claim to use for the database roles. Neo4j will expect to find a claim in the JWT or user_info response with this name. The claim may be a string claim representing a single role, or a string array claim representing multiple roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The claim to use for the database roles. Neo4j expects to find a claim in the JWT or user_info response with this name. The claim may be a string claim representing a single role or a string array claim representing multiple roles.
```
